[EDU-4131] feat: add guide - bot with tor template (#797)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/bot-with-tor.mdx

---

## Requirements

Before deploying this template, you must:

- Have the **Edge Functions** and **Network Layer Protection** modules enabled in your account.
    - To do so, go to the [Billing & Subscriptions](https://manager.azion.com/billing-subscriptions/subscriptions?active_tab=subscriptions) section and activate the switch for the module.
    - If these modules are activated, executing this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.
- Launch the latest version of the **Bot Manager** integration.
    - Go to [Azion Marketplace](https://console.azion.com/marketplace) to install this integration by clicking the **Install* button. Check the [How to install Azion Bot Manager](/en/documentation/products/guides/bot-manager/) guide for more details.
    - If you didn't install the Bot Manager function before deploying this template, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.

---

## Getting the template

To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and click the **+ Create** button on the homepage.

> This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.

Author: ```suggestion
This will open a modal where you can select **Templates** > **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.
```

> This will open a new page where you can select the **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.

Author: ```suggestion
This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.
```

> To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and select the **Start with a template** option on the homepage.
> 
> This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.

Author: ```suggestion
To use this template, access [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) and click the **+ Create** button on the homepage.

This will open a modal where you can select the **Templates** > **Bot Manager and TOR Exit Nodes** card.
```

:::note
If it doesn't comply with any of the requirements, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.
:::

This page shows information about the application and some options to continue your journey.

:::note
The link to the edge application allows you to see it on the browser. However, it takes a certain time to propagate and configure the application in Azion's edge locations. It may be necessary to wait a few minutes for the URL to be activated and for the application page to be effectively displayed in the browser.
:::

Now you can [manage and adjust the settings](#managing-the-template) through Azion Console.

### Key configurations

The template verifies if the account complies with the requirements to create a function instance of the Bot Manager and create a Rules Engine rule to execute the function instance. If it doesn't comply with the requirements, the execution will fail and a log explaining the reason will be printed.

The function instance has the following JSON Args:

```
{
  "threshold": 10,
  "action": "allow",
  "internal_logs": 2
}
```

Where:

> - `threshold`: the maximum score the request can reach before the function takes an action. If it has no value, the function won't take action. Default value: 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `threshold`: the maximum score the request can reach before the function takes an action. If it has no value, the function won't take action. *Default value: 10*.
```
